draggers wants to introduce you to the
easy run engine test stand hi I'm Gerry
Drakkar Gregor's international plastic
sales in Seattle Washington
we're here at Gregor's clubhouse where
we have a new piece of equipment we just
got now when I went to the SEMA show
this last fall one of the things I was
looking for was an engine stand I've had
just 235 here quite a while ago I bought
it for a rig and we never did use it and
so it's been sitting there and I really
bought it I have a 39 Ford flathead that
I want to put in here and I always
wanted an engine stand where I could
start it up and run it you could hear it
running there we think I actually wanted
one of the 60 Ford engines I had a
friend it's had a stand and built it and
he'd never would sell it to me
so anyway I went and looked it stands in
SEMA show and I saw several of them down
there but I and I'd seen literature on
this one and information on the Internet
and this is the easy run stand made in
California and it's slick because it's
got the big casters on it very
adjustable for everything they did not
have mounts for the 235 and the side
mounts right there and so they made them
for us so that we could mount this
engine and it all comes complete you
know it's got the aluminum radiator it's
got the fan here got it's got a gas tank
we had to add the muffler and everything
else but it's got a stand setup for the
battery and of course it's got this
instrument panel with all the stuff on
it and I will show you that this all
works this is of course the turn the
ignition on give power to the coil
temperature's going up on it too so you
can see that works really well tells you
everything you want to know I want to
tell you a little bit about this ez run
engine stand i got his great it's got
big casters on the front and rear here
and it's got brakes on the front ones
there so you can get it in place in the
lock it so won't roll around these are
adjustable this will slide this way
these have got some adjustments they'll
go in further to mount on the back and
again just like this one this will slide
forward or back in this piece will go in
or out and of course you've got that
just went up here and these are brackets
that they made for us easy run did a
good job making these brackets forest
for the 235 they did not have them at
that time and I you know it came with a
Lumina radiator it's set up pretty neat
it's got outlet for outlets on it so you
can like a flat head you've got to run
in two hoses in and you can do that and
you can choose which side works there
the lower hose whether you want one or
two you've got a lot of options with
this thing and it's got electric fan on
here this is neat when you turn this
switch on right here and you don't have
a fan and you get a fan right there for
cooling first we've got a artis has got
a fan on it and you can put electric
fuel pump on here too if you don't have
a fuel where this engine has a fuel pump
on it so you could turn that on and you
can see you get an indicator light
telling you what it's on this is of
course it's the coil wire right there so
you know where you're at you can and
gives you all the temperatures but on
the temperature you're still you know
it's almost up to 160 now 150 we don't
have anything hooked up the volts so
we're not getting anything there but it
came pretty well complete this engine
stand it and ok I'm impressed it's it's
it's a good stand and this course is a
permanent mount and also is pretty neat
if you had a big automatic transmission
and stuff they make a flat plate that
the transmission mounts down in here
this particular piece is solid battery
sets right here you could move it to a
different position you wanted this trait
comes off real easy but your connections
are right there and of course you can
see how this mounts right here the this
thing here will slide across so you know
some of them are going to be wider this
is probably as wide as it gets on on the
mount so you can put a big engine on
here you can see how nice this little
bit of radiator looks I'd like to finish
on the stand too and of course red is
one of my favorite colors so it just it
it looks really good with the black trim
stuff on it you can this is the overflow
recovery for the radiator we've got a
tool tray right here it sets in there
any move it if you want the other thing
that it complete with the gas tank and
the tray and this tray normally would
set underneath here and but Andrews
mounted on the side right here which you
could mount it and when you want to
store it or keep it tight you could put
it inside so you kind of a lot of
versatility
another great feature the easy run
engine stand is it's easy to get around
the engine like here we pulled the valve
cover off of it we had it running with a
valve cover off you could actually do a
quite a bit of work on the engine stand
and a lot easier to do it there that it
is in the vehicle this video is brought
to you by Driggers classics